---
layout: post
title: Beautifl Tehran
date: 2024-01-15 20:00:00
description: The Garden of the National Museum of Sacred Defense and the Garden of Books
tags: Tourism
categories: Tehran Tourism
thumbnail: assets/img/HD5.jpg
---

These days, Abbas Abad land is considered one of the most important sightseeing places in Tehran. Art Garden and Art Lake are located between the Tehran Book Garden and the Garden of the Holy Defense Museum and are a short distance from the Water and Fire Park. Many parks and recreational and tourist complexes have been put into operation in these lands, each of which can be attractive to a group of audiences. Near the Tehran Book Garden, the National Library of Iran, the Islamic Republic of Iran Academies, the Art Garden, Taleghani Park, the vast collection of the Museum of the Islamic Revolution and Sacred Defense of Tehran is located in the vicinity. Some have named this collection as the largest war museum in the Islamic world and the most modern museum in West Asia.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/HD5.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>

These days, Abbas Abad land is considered one of the most important sightseeing places in Tehran. Art Garden and Art Lake are located between the Tehran Book Garden and the Garden of the Holy Defense Museum and are a short distance from the Water and Fire Park. Many parks and recreational and tourist complexes have been put into operation in these lands, each of which can be attractive to a group of audiences. Near the Tehran Book Garden, the National Library of Iran, the Islamic Republic of Iran Academies, the Art Garden, Taleghani Park, the vast collection of the Museum of the Islamic Revolution and Sacred Defense of Tehran is located in the vicinity. Some have named this collection as the largest war museum in the Islamic world and the most modern museum in West Asia.
<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/HD2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/HD1.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
The main building of the museum consists of 8 halls. Astana Hall, which is actually a threshold for the 7 upcoming halls; It depicts the struggles of the Iranian people against the Pahlavi regime in the 1930s until the arrival of Imam Khomeini in February 1357. Astana Hall itself consists of two parts. Among the other halls of the museum, we can mention the Hall of Awe and Truth. This hall is a sign of the shock and amazement of the Iranian people since the beginning of the imposed war. Defense Hall shows the brave and fearless defense of the people after the start of the imposed war. Halls of Peace, Martyrdom, Victory, End and Butterflies are among the other halls of this museum, viewing them can tell you the history of recent decades of our country.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/HD3.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/HD4.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/HD6.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
